fix: Improved OnValueChanged door example (#3959)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/basics/networkvariable.md

/// </remarks>
public class Door : NetworkBehaviour, INetworkUpdateSystem
{
    /// <summary>
    /// The two door states.
    /// </summary>
    public enum DoorStates
    {
        Closed,
        Open
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Initializes the door to a specific state (server side) when first spawned.
    /// </summary>
    [Tooltip("Configures the door's initial state when 1st spawned.")]
    public DoorStates InitialState = DoorStates.Closed;

    /// <summary>
    /// Used for <see cref="CanPlayerToggleState"/> example purposes.
    /// When true, only the server can open and close the door.
    /// Clients will receive a console log saying they could not open the door.
    /// </summary>
    public bool IsLocked;

    /// <summary>
    /// A simple door state where the server has write permissions and everyone has read permissions.
    /// </summary>
    private NetworkVariable<DoorStates> m_State = new NetworkVariable<DoorStates>(default, NetworkVariableReadPermission.Everyone, NetworkVariableWritePermission.Server);

    /// <summary>
    /// The current state of the door.
    /// </summary>
    public DoorStates CurrentState => m_State.Value;

    /// <summary>

>     /// Invoked while the <see cref="NetworkObject"/> is in the middle of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Invoked while the <see cref="NetworkObject"/> is in the process of
```

    /// being spawned.
    /// </summary>
    public override void OnNetworkSpawn()
    {

>         // The write authority (server) does not need to know about its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // The write authority (server) doesn't need to know about its
```

>         // own changes (for this example) since it is the "single point

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // own changes (for this example) since it's the "single point
```

        // of truth" for the door instance.
        if (IsServer)
        {
            // Host/Server:
            // Applies the configurable state upon spawning.
            m_State.Value = InitialState;
        }
        else
        {
            // Clients:
            // Subscribe to changes in the door's state.
            m_State.OnValueChanged += OnStateChanged;
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Invoked once the door and all associated components
    /// have finished the spawn process.
    /// </summary>
    protected override void OnNetworkPostSpawn()
    {
        // Everyone updates their door state when finished spawning the door

>         // in order to assure the door reflects (visually) its current state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // to ensure the door reflects (visually) its current state.
```

        UpdateFromState();

>         // Begin to start updating this NetworkBehaviour instance once all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Begin updating this NetworkBehaviour instance once all
```

        // netcode related components have finished the spawn process.
        NetworkUpdateLoop.RegisterNetworkUpdate(this, NetworkUpdateStage.Update);
        base.OnNetworkPostSpawn();
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Example of using the <see cref="INetworkUpdateSystem"/> usage pattern
    /// where it only updates while spawned.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="updateStage">The current update stage being invoked.</param>
    public void NetworkUpdate(NetworkUpdateStage updateStage)
    {
        switch (updateStage)
        {
            case NetworkUpdateStage.Update:
                {
                    if (Input.GetKeyDown(KeyCode.Space))
                    {
                        Interact();
                    }
                    break;
                }
        }
    }

    /// <summary>

>     /// Invoked just before this instance runs through its de-spawn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Invoked just before this instance runs through its despawn
```

    /// sequence. A good time to unsubscribe from things.
    /// </summary>
    public override void OnNetworkPreDespawn()
    {
        if (!IsServer)
        {
            m_State.OnValueChanged -= OnStateChanged;
        }

        // Stop updating this NetworkBehaviour instance prior to running

>         // through the de-spawn process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // through the despawn process.
```

        NetworkUpdateLoop.RegisterNetworkUpdate(this, NetworkUpdateStage.Update);
        base.OnNetworkPreDespawn();
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Server makes changes to the state.
    /// Clients receive the changes in state.
    /// </summary>
    /// <remarks>
    /// When the previous state equals the current state, we are a client

>     /// that is doing its 1st synchronization of this door instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// that is doing its first synchronization of this door instance.
```

    /// </remarks>
    /// <param name="previous">The previous <see cref="DoorStates"/> state.</param>
    /// <param name="current">The current <see cref="DoorStates"/> state.</param>
    public void OnStateChanged(DoorStates previous, DoorStates current)
    {
        UpdateFromState();
    }

    /// <summary>

>     /// Invoke when the state is updated in order to apply the change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Invoke when the state is updated to apply the change
```

                    //  - rotate door transform
                    //  - play animations, sound etc.
                    /// <see cref="Netcode.Components.Helpers.ComponentCont"
                    break;
                }
            case DoorStates.Open:
                {
                    // door is closed:
                    //  - rotate door transform
                    //  - play animations, sound etc.
                    break;
                }
        }
        Debug.Log($"[{name}] Door is currently {m_State.Value}.");
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Override to apply specific checks (like a player having the right
    /// key to open the door) or make it a non-virtual class and add logic
    /// directly to this method.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="player">The player attempting to open the door.</param>
    /// <returns></returns>
    protected virtual bool CanPlayerToggleState(NetworkObject player)
    {
        // For this example, if the door "is locked" then clients will
        // not be able to open the door but the host-client's player can.
        return !IsLocked || player.IsOwnedByServer;
    }

    /// <summary>

>     /// Invoked by either a Host or clients to interact with the door.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    /// Invoked by either a host or clients to interact with the door.
```
